#summary How to process the PDB MR files into the NRG
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

This wiki may contain the most up to date info on how to annotate the weekly entries.

= Environment Settings =

The development settings including what wsetup does are now initialized from the ~/.cshrc no need to do anything.

After this there should be rights jars included in the classpath.
To check that do:

{{{echo $CLASSPATH}}} 

The first jar should be: 

{{{/big/docr/workspace/wattos/lib/Wattos.jar}}}

= Annotation =

After setting the environment classpath, start annotation by executing: 

{{{mrannotator}}}

Choose the place where you like to start your processing. After annotating, save and quit from Jedit. The parsing process will start. Check any possible errors at this parsing phase and fix the errors . 

= Post Processing =

When the initial annotation is finished, this script is run:


Right now the process use only one model(the first model) during the conversion. This setting is in the processDOCR_FRED.csh . The weeklyDOCR_FRED.csh inherit such setting since it indirectly call the the processDOCR_FRED.csh script. 

The directory for these two scripts is: 

{{{/big/docr/workspace/nmrrestrntsgrid/scripts}}}

There is alias for this directory is $script_dir. 



Check the output of the  weeklyDOCR_FRED.csh. 

The location of the settings (presetDict.py) for the new NRG is at: 

{{{
/big/docr/workspace/recoordD/python/recoord2
}}}

There is a alias for this directory $P. 

The web page for the MRgrid:

_http://tang.bmrb.wisc.edu/NRG/MRGridServlet_


= Settings =

  * The settings for the new NRG can be modified at:
{{{
tang:/big/docr/workspace/recoordD/python/recoord2/presetDict.py 
}}}
It is the annotator's responsibility for sync-ing with the cvs.